[Quickstart] Added server side logout Obj-c (#8101)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/native/ios-objc/_includes/_login_centralized.md

<%= include('../../../../_includes/_logout_url') %>

> To clear on server side the session add the following snipped to the HybridAuth.swift file:

Reviewer: The file is already clarified on the snippet and we can remove it👍 

```suggestion
To clear the session on the server side you need to invoke the `clearSession` method. Add the following snippet:
```

```swift
// HybridAuth.swift

>     @objc

Reviewer: See if you can remove all these spaces on the left so that the **starting** indentation matches the `// HybridAuth.swift` line and so, all the snippets above.

    func logOutUser(callback: @escaping(Bool, String) -> Void){
        Auth0
            .webAuth()

>             .clearSession(federated: true){

Reviewer: I don't think this parameter is necessary. Can you remove it please?

Author: @lbalmaceda the parameter is required 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36707032/63733328-1b65f780-c835-11e9-865f-497daa7ab122.png)

Reviewer 2: If it's required please set to false, which is what we are doing across all QS @benlizar (default behavior).

                switch $0 {
                case true:
                    callback($0, "Logged out successfully")
                case false:
                    callback($0, "An error occurred")
                }
            }
    }
```

> After the logout, the callback will return a BOOL with the logout status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the call, the callback will receive a BOOL with the logout status.
```
